GH-3464: Treat 0 as special for polling endpoint (#3487)
spring-projects/spring-integration: src/reference/asciidoc/reactive-streams.adoc

When an `outputChannel` is a `ReactiveStreamsSubscribableChannel`, the same `Trigger` is used to determine the next time for execution, but instead of scheduling tasks, the `SourcePollingChannelAdapter` creates a `Flux<Message<?>>` based on the `Flux.generate()` for the `nextExecutionTime` values and `Mono.delay()` for a duration from the previous step.
A `Flux.flatMapMany()` is used then to poll `maxMessagesPerPoll` and sink them into an output `Flux`.
This generator `Flux` is subscribed by the provided `ReactiveStreamsSubscribableChannel` honoring a back-pressure downstream.

> Starting with version 5.5, when `maxMessagesPerPoll == 0`, the source is not called at all, and `flatMapMany()` is completed immediately via `Mono.empty()` result.
> The `maxMessagesPerPoll` can be changed to different value later on, e.g. via Control Bus.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with version 5.5, when `maxMessagesPerPoll == 0`, the source is not called at all, and `flatMapMany()` is completed immediately via a `Mono.empty()` result until the `maxMessagesPerPoll` is changed to non-zero value at a later time, e.g. via a Control Bus.
```
